Add dev container env that can run kitchen tests (#723)
DataDog/chef-datadog: README.md

5. Wait for the next scheduled `chef-client` run or trigger it manually.

### Dockerized environment

> To build a docker environment, use the files under `docker_test_env`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a Docker environment, use the files under `docker_test_env`:
```

```
cd docker_test_env
docker build -t chef-datadog-container .
```

To run the container use:

```
docker run -d -v /dev/vboxdrv:/dev/vboxdrv --privileged=true chef-datadog-container
```

> Then it's possible to attach a console to the container or better, use vscode remote-container feature to start developing inside the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then attach a console to the container or use the VScode remote-container feature to develop inside the container.
```
